0.  BMP format supports a maximum of 4,294,967,296 (2^32) distinct colors (32-bits per pixel).
    GIF format supports a maximum of 256 distinct colors (8-bits per pixel).
    JPEG format supports a maximum of 16, 777, 216 (2^16) distinct colors (24-bits per pixel).
    PNG format supports a maximum of 2^48 distinct colors (48-bits per pixel).

1.  The GIF format.

2.  Lossless compression algorithms reduce the file size preserving a perfect copy of the 
    uncompressed image whereas lossy compression algorithms reduces the file size by allowing 
    the image quality to decrease. 
  
3.  JPEG images are almost always lossy compressed. 
        
4.  The filename's first character is modified in order to signal the deletion of the file. 
    Then the system moves the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of free clusters. 
     
5.  Overwrite the hard disk using a sanitization tool. 

6.  This is a header file which includes definitions of Fixed Width Integer Types.

7.  The actual size of basic integer types are dependent upon the implimentation. 
    That is, an 'int' in memory may be allocated 16 bits in one system and 32 bits
    in another system. In certain programming situations integer size matters and
    should be fixed to a particular number of bits. In these situations uint8_t, 
    uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t are useful since they tell the complier 
    exactly how many bits to allocate.

8.  BYTE: 1 byte
    DWORD: 4 bytes
    LONG: 4 bytes
    WORD: 2 bytes

9.  The first byte represent B in ASCII (66 in decimal) and the second byte 
    represents M in ASCII (77 in decimal).
    
10. bfSize: The size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.
    biSize: The number of bytes required by the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure.
    
11. If biHeight is negative the bitmap is a top-down image. That is, its origin is 
    the upper-left corner.
    
12. biBitCount

13. If the file that we specify as the second arguement (argv[2]) cannot be written (for 
    example if it's write protected) then fopen will return NULL.
     
14. Using fread functions we are reading the BITMAPINFOHEADER and BITMAPFILEHEADER of the 
    FILE pointed by "inptr". The third arguement corresponds to the number of objects to be 
    read and the second arguement corresponds to the size of one object. Since we have specified
    the second arguement as the size of BITMAPINFOHEADER(or BITMAPFILEHEADER) we should put 1 
    for the third arguement.  
     
15. padding is assigned the value 3.

16. The fseek function can be used to move to a specific location in a file.

17. SEEK_CUR is an arguement passed to the fseek function in order to specify the origin value
    (position where the seek should begin).
         
18. To be exact it's Fozzie Bear (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fozzie_Bear). Here is the image
    I obtained (after increasing the contrast): http://s18.postimage.org/p2zxumjdl/verdict_formatted.png
    Here is an accurate image: http://s11.postimage.org/qbzpst9ur/Fozzy.png
